as my mom told me you never had lobster
before I've never has crab eater we can
prank wrap you can try your king crab I
feel like there's too many types of crab
let's just stick with like one or two
crabs and then everything else crawfish
I do not eat those this is what's really
but one of the shrimp is spicy and even
our everything like this what am i doing
now I know
I like it you look I'm like no no no
don't select the whole thing I I get I
hate the sausage by the way thank you so
just give it up in your mouth it's so
slimy I put it in your mouth pretend
that's me right there
[Music]
it's also a good way to salsa sauce
spicy well the more it is what it's not
spicy at all really I'm sorry I'm sorry
Wow technique you'd well how do you even
get an old play really you go from the
bottom and I just peel it around it's
not going that well
I'm getting there no you're getting
there I think it's easiest to start from
the bottom like the tail where's like
little legs around
what is this pink wrap oh yeah yes
[Music]
usually like you Korea
I like the makeup or at least what do
you do except I don't find in here oh oh
you squirt it like that then you yeah I
usually pull the legs off these this is
the legs right here you pull those off
and then it creates a little gap in the
show and you can feel the shell off yeah
just grabbing the pool and then now this
like a little
out in the show
yeah and it'll just go around like that
way yeah you think you're very long time
I don't know how to do it what how would
I use this maybe we should have done
only easy to eat things because it's
like it's specialty here now
[Music]
which heard of doing work people say
you're a greeting when I'm running it
down
I didn't get the three give everything
what one the greeting just means like
you're trying to trigger me but if I'm
running it down I want to be cooled up
like I'm likely like zero ten every game
yeah I don't understand like how I'm so
bad
what if heimer was emitted mid shake
when you actually learn it course it's
so easy tell me what you just with some
turrets events and on the turrets use
ewp this jump is the easiest simple them
all alright maybe actually very good
anything I'll try again
you're just ignore anything with high
more just or thinking that's it that's
it we're done watch the hands now do you
mind no afternoon
you guys are playing so look at this
whole time by the way this video I mean
I was meeting up with MIDI was every day
oh yeah and besides that I was just
playing solo yeah it in actually
screaming oh he's gonna be nervous about
it spin the corner like did you guys
yeah yeah no one screamed during their
travels because it's too long so we did
you did what did you scream
TSM is actually good scrim partners like
they don't play stupid yeah yeah it's
really hard to you I I forgot how hard
it was here yeah it's pretty cool like
I'm so used to in Europe how we always
get like a plate that's normal in
America to every restaurant I went
through it looks like oh yeah you want
to a fancy place though yeah honestly
like most restaurants you just kind of
get it all at once okay you guys are
visiting so people think you two crazy
places
nice really nice have some Japanese my
gob
oh shit really where'd you go I wasn't
saying oh oh yeah
that place is sick that's the place that
Reginald took me when you find we're
digging out the game yeah no no no no no
like after after after I joined Team
Liquid he's like Congrats dude I'm gonna
I want to take you to a nice steak place
and so I came to like join Team Liquid
later and then he took my that please
okay I just make fun of me because I
told my salary was high wages
okay so reckless I did an interview with
you where you said ADCs were useless and
like trying to emili´s I emphasize
emphasize what like I didn't want it I
don't want it to be like useless but
they are they are suboptimal like you
should I just always play a breezy erm
agent said if you can yeah if you can if
you can you should and Peter keeps
playing 80 seats and then you don't
understand it's because I can't play
anything else you know that's why I
stopped myself alright yeah I know I
know
most people know no because it was never
an official thing like reckless thought
himself out because of X&Y yeah I'm good
but the official story is I felt like
whenever I played against known ATC now
struggling so I started trying other
things and when I started trying other
things I don't like
six
and I realize I'm fuckin boosted or
anything that's all done ad carry's yep
so I suggested I would play with people
on these champions that I was trying
which he is like ten times better on and
then we had like a 95 or something when
racing in scrims
it was kind of like an easy decision in
DM yeah it's like similar reasons just I
was lucky because I have a top laner
that was already like integrated in the
team that we could just like hold you
want please listen collecting the
teleporting our skin is already on so
I'm like a big deal
but for you I guess it's like the world
is yeah actually you know just give some
I I bet a million dollars Pearson is
never gonna go by because I just feel
like some players they just can't play
other roles
I feel like great sense one of those
players that will never go back so what
did you feel this way before ref travels
Peter that like ATC's were did you agree
with wreckless that ATC's were like just
not ever as good as another options i I
was trying to play majors and razors and
stuff but when I make like it takes too
much brain power for me to play them
well so it's not even that I'm bad it's
just like I can't make calls when I'm
playing them and I'm really tunnel
vision so like my team rested my team
has to like baby sir I'm pretty bad like
but but also I can't make any calls and
like when I play a to carry I'm so
comfortable that like I can kind of like
look at the mini-map all the time and
like tell my team where I think the
jungler is or like you know where we
need wards and stuff like just make
calls for the team but yeah if I play
anything else like I'm just fucking boo
and I'm televisions and I can't make
good calls so why don't you send
yourself out like reckless
the problem is that we don't have a
bleep Oh on Team Liquid so we kind of
we're kind of stuck with me yeah they're
all five great players amazing players
what yes I can name all of them but you
know the problem is they're not as
integrated as football was with us with
fnatic so yeah so there's only a big
shame VIPRE
yeah let's go hard insanity
sure you and Joey I know them all okay
wait so I don't like her because streams
yeah it used to be a big sometimes
already I think when I used to be on
reddit but it was slave my first ribbon
montage let's go and then art was in
Echo focus team yeah he was Friday
insanity he's just a so lucky player but
he's really good actually he's super
good I think if I got some doubt and it
would be insanity playing one with ad
carry sure you you've never heard of
them in your life Joey
[Music]
oh yeah yeah he played you sub one game
and MSI and everyone wanted a word won't
it only go but yeah anyways I think any
carries honestly they're pretty weak but
you can make it work like even if
they're 80 or 90 percent as good as the
other stuff I feel like it doesn't
matter yeah if you're me it doesn't
matter except that's the exactly myself
I'm like he was making an interview with
me I said thank you probably can't get
through with it because you're not
listening the other tour ends like this
this app you know no no but the thing is
I also look at Lucy and like pray and
stuff and they they also play any
carries a lot like yeah but they do some
crazy stuff like this girls go playing
sometimes yeah now they're they're
pretty creative and I don't know I just
working for us you know like we we're
doing good and then we play against EU
teams and we get smashed so maybe I'll
set myself out
we'll see if you could play any champion
in the game which do you think it would
be the best both am I ready the best bot
laner yeah like which champion would
have the best laning phase you know game
impact I feel like if I was really
fucking good I think we're gonna this
might be okay playing because just one
vine is one kill every time if you're
really really good but I'm not as good
as all
and he can't he can't play Mariana
vodkas he does not alas it yeah I
actually agree when I play Morgana I it
feels struggle I got the feeling that it
was okay to yeah I think if I could play
every time in perfect Swain would be
negative for both me yeah so bad like he
thought actually this morning like Swain
is so easy
I mean it's easy to do this like it's
hard to know exactly like how much you
can feel and how much you can take and
that's gonna take more than like 10
games
500 games gets like the tristana feeling
yeah that's true
well basically when you're
straightforward thinking about
everything works yes yes we know yeah
you know everything yeah so I don't have
500 Gamecocks do I get 500 games on a
board like boom Swain as well and that's
one champion yeah another perks is take
money for you to hear the ADCs Alba moan
like the fact that they can't play their
regular champions well my last two years
I played for the champions too by the
way
and then do in 36 years I played maybe
14 no but yeah yeah
honestly intense dance yeah I feel like
20 20 oh if there is like really raising
but now I'm playing it more because I'm
playing their champion oh yeah you're
putting any Carrie Smith fuck it
so why is it that ad carry's can't adapt
like you care well they just have to
find the way like learn I think its
rightful wait your turn you learned
right but like you know are you that new
service like brandy burn your chest
because he runs it down no nobody even
he plays like everything Bob they may be
service yeah yeah but some champion sees
fucking running down on for years insult
you so whenever you know them in your
team it was no pain getting carry with
you know that's pretty fucked up yeah
dude if Lee sin was a viable bot laner
I would be Buffy one minute I never get
my listen is so good but is this sound
viable violator but one day you will be
they don't care this actually there
likes to bet so it up like new gems or
find the beta-carotene like breakfast
should I mean I cozy and boy like vain
softcore porno or double it would also
go come on oh yeah like about the
complaint woman man
yeah a survey to make thank you yep our
team our team is definitely trying to
you know like trying to make things work
I can play blood even though my blood to
me my I can actually believe that my
Bloods good it's the champion ice jam
the most and I'm swinging for my time to
shine not not get fucking loved one like
last night I remember Peter whenever the
patch first hit like that would crash me
more like a DC's are useless you're like
no they aren't like there's a ton of
there's like several that are still
viable but then these other characters
are still viable like you felt like it
was they were so nothing I think I was
wrong on on Ezreal and Lucian those
treatments are fucking useless but
desire and crisis are still good I think
those two the fire is only good for kind
of go people yeah that's true it's nice
that there's no people yeah guys it's
just so be sighs good because if you're
on it's true but can play Lucian but
Lucian is like perfect game or it's you
one benign or it's for me but I think
yeah I don't know I don't know what to
think I feel like it's rightful like
they just pushed us to be in this like
small corridor for our entire career and
then now it's like oh you have a
favorite game every time you lose a game
yeah and I never clean this campus like
I have maybe one champion fair role when
I get out fulfilled in solitude yeah so
for example I had Jana for support
I had like warm for complain yeah
everyone has said and easy for John Doe
and a Cooper Midlands so this is what I
play when the new patches
I tried Warren Walton Jenna both one of
them have been sold
yeah I saw the janabat game but I swear
if you watch that game from my
perspective yo I want to play perfect
like IKEA carefully perfect Emily I
believe it
Luden's Janna you have to respect Gordon
nice simple thing it wasn't for me by
the way
I swear nice I believe it no seriously
though it's true riot made ad carry the
same for seven years at least mid
changes all the time every year mid is
different for a TK was the same for
seven years and now it's totally
different and it's like the most fuckin
popular player in Europe basically is on
the bench because I just yeah I just
feel like I don't even want to spend the
time to go on sale like I uh I tried in
soloqueue but I honestly don't want to
spend like another year just trying to
learn the game again like from from the
get-go yeah because maybe in one year
they're even like changing you back over
here is that how long it takes perks to
relearn or learn a different role if you
wanna become like the best I think it
has to be like there's like from 0 to 19
you learn
yeah yeah yeah but that plate or like
whenever I was top lane
so it was like natural for me to play it
maybe roll
I think you find the champion that
you're hella get out right away right
right right Jenna you mad no no no
Michaels like but actually a good
campaign ball like a karma or we're
gonners looking sometimes that you're
good as where it's just unlucky because
all the good champion both links are
trembles I've never played in my life
yeah but maybe like I I think place
waiting for the very first time and it
was good like I Swain is goodbye team
trust me Doughboy sling okay because I
don't know like they just randomly it
was just like oh I understand this guy I
can get it maybe you need to try like
all the I don't think I know the comb
look to it yeah
I want to bring more than like just me
wqr and running around in circles
no that's the thing is though they don't
take brains at all last works this way
in a hard champion there's no brain
involved like it's fine but I want to
bring more than just like you can be a
bit more cookie this is game organic
thing is in your agenda cumin yeah like
I don't know like I was I was playing a
soul game it's Wayne and hoody was
watching yeah he was telling me like
she's working go in here like go ham and
I'm like playing suit for back you get
for easy oh wait but many would say that
no matter what you're doing yeah but
then I tried it I just killed two people
oh really yeah but I didn't see it Oh
actually yeah that's like the kind of
champions I feel like I can pick up
pretty far thank you without a comma
yeah because support is my second yeah
just play that like even though it's a
bit different from John is still the
same style of face it's like easier than
having to learn mhm which I've never
ever paid for a booster which I've never
ever be I think thanks supports in
marksmen
and the methylase did everything by now
son
all right so do you already change your
back what if Brian just made a pencil I
actually bought line is back to normal
they don't even like a back it will
never get back they will never ever
really yeah another thing for I owe a
lot I mean at least not like what is
here for sooner they will not make it
the same of this it might be okay but
then it will be open in a different way
oh I'm Sayla member it will never be
like an organ or
yeah perfect ad carry method I don't
think this dude honestly against sheets
you I I didn't play perfectly but I
played pretty well I'd say like 95 96
out of 100 and I lost to a fucking
heimerdinger bottom that is the most
depressing thing in the world it's
really depressing I want them to change
it back but nerf infinity-edge your
essence fever nerves deal but like big
ad carry's shittier but like you can
still play most of it with the speed no
long time to change it back why you
don't have a job no I wouldn't
snore
like the way to did it was like from ad
carry's being the most important role
for any cares vehicles at the least
important role it was like yeah there
was one like transition you know it was
just like from here to here and then the
period of time most professional with
the healthcare schedule where we have
like four days of scrim and failing
every weekend like it's impossible to
learn I need more time than I'm given
what's this little red helping on my
problem what's the solution Peters a
reckless the problem there's no
solutions we're doing it yeah we're
doing we just have to practice a lot
no the solution is to practice and I'm
trying like a Flav probably the most
solar care of anyone but I need more
than that you know like when I can watch
people I mean I think the part you've
said like I can easily get the knife
stuff I don't feel confident I feel
confident when I'm paper sauna and I'm
just like I can watch everything later
place swing and I'm a goofy looking at
my spells and all they do
yeah that's why I mean that's more
subtitles nobody cares I mean is MIT no
matter like three or four chefs only
right time time if you play only for
chance
yeah but premium there is always like
there's a chance at least that's what I
would have liked them to change is the
slower transition but this works I mean
I have people that saved my life for you
it's a marvel or because you kind of
have to press ad carry's blue is your
Fingal stage yeah exactly
completely give up on that idea yeah I
was slow though I was really slow
because I wasn't like denial for three
weeks
I'm still in denial like I just felt
that every passion would it be the past
you know so yeah initial release of the
chase for eleven just you have to go
so when 811 hit like this my it's almost
like teach back nine twelve eight twelve
hit and I didn't take anything and I
figured like there's no way they don't
is 8:13 so I kept going anyways and then
each 13 hit now a new change is bad but
I'm still kind of like okay let's just
you know just keeping it carries
whatever and then they did the hotfix
version of a 13 yeah and an ounce as
well that they're gonna release it from
court
one or two weeks later than they know
they're supposed to and then I tried to
emphasize yes and I could not believe it
yes it's horrible
no I know mystery students in the game
no beam so actually try Jinzo so develop
yam I'm not meaning I have actually put
against it a bit
yeah human it it look okay but it was
more like a support like the brand that
I would say like in team brand and the
brand would is go ham and then the gene
would shoot a W yeah that's what you sow
oh yeah I tried my best jump in the game
with the newest version of the past and
I could not win if any so it doesn't
work that's where my line was hit you
know that wasn't for me what I do now is
some friends are you guys ready to go
hey we're done